---
layout: default
title: Troubleshooting
description: "Troubleshooting common issues with the Ulendo HC plugin."
parent: Dyndrite
nav_order: 6
---

# How to identify and troubleshoot common faults 
This section provides an overview of how the Heat compensation plugin developed by Ulendo can be used with the Dyndrite LPBF software. 

For ease of integration the Ulendo HC plugin has been developed as a python module which can be directly installed in the Dyndrite python environment. 

## Local Server
When the app.exe is launched it will start a REST server on port 8001. The server will listen for requests which are generated by the Ulendo HC python plugin. 

This app is automatically close when the Ulendo HC python plugin has successfully optimized all of the layers in a build. However, if the Dyndrite software fails for any reason, and the app.exe subprocess is not terminated cleanly, it may be necessary to terminate the subprocess using the task manager.

1. Search for the app.exe program in the task manager 
2. Select the app.exe process
3. Select "end task".

## License Key
UlendoHC requires a license key to be used and operated. 

The license key can be located in the installation directory, in the same folder as the app.exe executable. Alternatively, the license can be added to the same folder that the UlendoHC python package is installed into.

The license key needs to be valid in order to successfully launch and use the Ulendo HC plugin. If you Key has expired, please contact your account manager at Ulendo.

