---  
layout: default  
title: Troubleshooting  
description: "Troubleshooting common issues with the Ulendo HC app."  
parent: Autodesk Ulendo HC  
nav_order: 5 
---  

# How to Identify and Troubleshoot Common Faults  

### Single Instance Limitation  
The app is designed to allow only one instance to run at a time. If a user attempts to launch the app while it is already running, a pop-up notification will appear, preventing multiple instances from operating simultaneously.  

This ensures optimal performance and avoids potential conflicts during use.  

### Viewing Logs  
For more detailed troubleshooting, you can open a terminal window under `Tools` menu bar to see logs generated by the app. These logs provide insights into what is happening behind the scenes, such as REST requests, optimization progress, and potential errors. This can be especially helpful for debugging issues.  

### Error Pop-Ups  
The app includes error handling, so if an issue occurs during operation, such as a file error or server issue, the app will display a pop-up message describing the problem. This ensures users are notified immediately and can take appropriate action.  

### License Key  
The UlendoHC plugin requires a license key for its first-time use and operation. On the first run of the app, the user will need to enter the license key into a dedicated screen.  

### Key Points About the License Key:  
- After entering the license key during the first run, it will be securely encrypted and stored on the computer.  
- Subsequent runs of the app will automatically locate the license key, so re-entering it is unnecessary.  

If your license key has expired, please contact your Ulendo account manager for assistance.  
